                         gpasm test scripts

This directory contains the files and scripts for testing gpasm.  The 
complete set of tests should be ran before each release.  

Please don't modify an existing test file.  Modifying the file will reduce 
its effectivness in regression testing.  It is better to create a new file that
tests the new/untested feature. 

I.  Usage

To run the complete test suite:

  ./test all &> test.log
  
This will test all tools and output the result to the file "test.log".  It
should always be reviewed.

for more information 

  ./test help

II.  Test structure

The files come from a varitey of sources.

/gpasm.mchip 

This directory contains files provided by Microchip.  The files were
provided "as is" with no guarantee of support.  They will consider future 
requests for test files on a case by case basis.  

All of the hex and object files were generated with a version of MPASM.  These
files should never be modified.  No test file from any source other than
Microchip shall be placed in this directory.

/gpasm.project

These tests were created specifically for gpasm.  The intention is to test
features that MPASM doesn't have (like support for SX devices) or that are not
covered by the mchip test files.

All of the hex and object files should be generated from MPASM whenever 
possible.  In cases were that is not possible, the hex files should be verified
by hand.

/old

This is the original set of gpasm test files.  Some of the features they test
are not supported by MPASM.  In cases were a feature is in conflict with a
MPASM feature, the MPASM feature should be given priority.  New tests should 
not be added to this test directory.

III.  Adding new tests.

Here are the basic steps:

  1.  Write the asm file.
  2.  Assemble with MPASM.
  3.  Convert the \CR\LF as needed.
  4.  Place the the files in their respective subdirectories in ./project.
  
The script will automatically find the file and test it.  

IV. The Future.

This directory structure should support dejagnu.  The tests will be converted
sometime in the future.  At that time the test files will probably be 
distributed as part of gpasm, to allow users to easily test new ports.  
Unfortunately, this will double the size of the package, but it should still
be under 1 MB.
